## Privacy Policy

ST-appen app ia a a Medical app to save operations data and analysis.This app will be used in Sweden by general purpose audience, which will be doctors and staff of hospital. This SERVICE is provided by TechBurton and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at ST-appen unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.


### Usage, Authentication and Paid content
<ul>
  <li>This app will be used in Sweden</li>
  <li>This app will be used by by general purpose audience, which will be doctors and staff of hospital</li>
  <li>App features intended for use by general App Store users are:</li>
  <ul>
      <li>User Login, SignUp</li>
      <li>Addition of operation Data with time and notes</li>
      <li>Generation of relatime Bar Chart according to user email</li>
      <li>Reports of past data user added</li>
    </ul>
  <li>User will obtain account by signing up in the app</li>
  <li>This app is paid in appstore changes may change in future</li>
  <li>App doesnt include any paid content in app or any In-app purchases</li>
  <li>App is paid and will be used by doctors and hospital staffs</li>
</ul>

### User Account
<ul>
  <liUser will obtain account by registering an account to the app</li>
  <li>For registeration we will require:</li>
  <ul>
      <li>Username</li>
      <li>Age</li>
      <li>Speciality</li>
      <li>Hospital Name</li>
    </ul>
  <li>After signup user will have to login with username and password</li>
  <li>User password is encrypted and secured</li>
</ul>

### Information Collection and Use 

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to We don't collect your personnel information. We will use your name and email to authenticate you, to give you data according to your saves and edits. This app is used for managing the data for operations done by professional doctors. App will help them with analysis of operation they done in past with help of charts and reports.. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.


### Service Providers

We do not use or employ third-party companies and individuals.

### Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 12. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 12 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 12 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-03-21

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at shahrozjaved39@gmail.com, usamaakram234@hotmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
